feat(curriculum): add binary search tree (#52371)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-tree-traversal-by-building-a-binary-search-tree/655a151cc6041f0ff7d24ded.md

---
id: 655a151cc6041f0ff7d24ded
title: Step 14
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

Now you need to recursively traverse the tree and insert the values using the principle for binary trees:

- Values smaller than the key are placed in the left sub-tree

> - Values greater than the key are placed in the right sub-tree

Reviewer: Great. I think it would also be helpful to explain it in the description as text in case learners use a screen reader.

---
id: 655a151cc6041f0ff7d24ded
title: Step 15
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

Now we would recursively traverse the tree and insert the values using the principle for binary trees:

- Values smaller than the key are placed in the left sub-tree
- Values greater than the key are placed in the right sub-tree

> Create a condition that checks if the `key` < `node.key`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After your existing conditional statement, create another `if` that checks if the `key` < `node.key`.
```

# --hints--

Use an `if` condition for logic.
    
```js
({ test: () => assert.match(code, /if/) });
```

Check if the `key` < `node.key`.

```js
({ test: () => assert.match(code, /key < node\.key/) });

> ```

Reviewer 2: I would replace these two with:

You should create another `if` conditional statement to check if `key < node.key`.

```js
({ test: () => assert.match(e.code.original["main.py"], /^(\s+)if\s+node\s+is\s+None\s*:.*?\1if\s+key\s*<\s*node\.key\s*:/ms) })
```
